---
layout: post
title: Week 6 in OOP
---

### What did you do this past week?
During the weekdays, I did the usual. I went to class and started preparing for my many tests this upcoming week. I also continued to work on my study abroad application for The University of Edinburgh. In OOP, we learned about constructors and why making sure the correct one is being used is important. 

Most of Friday and all of the weekend I was at ACL jamming to some of my favorite bands and discovering some new ones. The weather was truly perfect- at one point there was even a rainbow. 

Now that the fun is over, back to the daily grind of schoolwork and organizing HackTX and ISSS (cyber security organization) events. 


### What's in your way?
After the quizzes in OOP pretty much all of last week, I realized I need to heavily review everything we are being lectured on in class. I have transform and accumulate down. Now I need to understand range iterator and the many constructors C++ includes. 

 
### What will you do next week?
I’m going to prepare for the test in this class as well as the other tests I have next week- of course they are on the same day.  I’m also going to finish most of my study abroad application and start looking for housing in Edinburgh.  


### Tip of the Week?
If you live in West Campus like I have for the last 2 years, things can get loud when all you want to do is sleep or study. I use an app called [Celestial](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/celestial-ultimate-relaxation/id952391172?mt=8) and it covers up sound pretty well. Another tip? If you go to a music festival, don’t talk when an artist is playing. You didn’t pay money to socialize. 



