---
layout: post
title: Week 1 in OOP!
---

### What did you do this past week?

I moved in! I spent the summer in Seattle so I'm still getting used to this weather. I'm living with 11 people (I lived with 70 girls last year so I'm used to it) so I'm pretty stoked for this year. Unlike most of the people I've talked to, I'm actually pretty excited for my classes. I'm already thoroughly enjoying OOP. I remember being in Scott's CS312 class (intro to programming) and would always wonder 'Why is Java set up like this?' 'How does this library work?' and I think OOP will answer (and has already answered) a lot of my random CS questions. 

Downing teaches the class by showing us code and asking around the class about sepecifc aspects of the code, aspects we never thought to wonder about before. Just by being in OOP for 45 minutes I feel like I'm on my way to being a much better developer. We've compared Java to C++ and talked about the various tools software developers use to make clean, solid code. I've been afraid of testing for awhile to be honest- I think this class will go a long way in upping my confidence in writing tests for my code. 


### What's in your way?
I like to know all the details of everything- which can be a huge time waster. When I hooked up docker and this blog I wanted to know the ends and outs of it. Luckily, for now I decided to focus on things that are actually due for a grade in my courses. 
I'm also worried I'll get behind- it can take me awhile to fully understand code so I hope I won't get lost during the lectures. 


### What will you do next week?
Try to continue to stay on top of things. Relax- I shouldn't be stressed during the first 2 weeks! I'm going to focus on getting my study abroad set up for next semester (hopefully I'll be in Scotland or Sweden). Also, I'm going to learn more about google test.


### Tip of the Week?
My manager at my internship over the summer gave my a great article. It's about how to write good code consistently, following the SOLID development principles: <http://www.codemag.com/article/1001061>. I think it'll be pretty useful when thinking about how to approach the projects for this course. 

