---
layout: post
title: Week 4 in OOP
---

### What did you do this past week?
I'm one of the people behind HackTX. Last week, I tried to get as many people as possible from different majors, skill levels, and backgrounds to register. Unfortunetly, when registration (Friday @ 6pm) rolled around our authentication couldn't handle 500 users in under 5 minutes so many people were unable to register. So I've been trying to calm people down about registration and make sure everyone still has a fair shot of getting in.
In class, we talked about our current project. The goal of the project is to win the 'netflix prize.' We are supposed to take in a large amount of user data and thier ratings and use that to predict a specfifc users ratings using RMSE.
My partner and I put together our repo and read through the problem this past week. 
We were also visted by a Bloomberg developer in class and got to see how SWE is done in industry. They use similar tools to what we are using in OOP. 

### What's in your way?
I put way too much on my plate. I keep putting student organizations and outside work and hobbies before my classes and sometimes that's a good thing but most of the time it isn't. I need to make sure I'm keeping up with my classes and understanding all the material.
I have a couple projects due this week and it's career fair week (even though I'm only going to go to the FoCS brunch) and that means not a lot of free time to read over current lecture material. Hopefully, I'll be able to manage my time efficently this week and get my projects done a couple days before they are due.
 
### What will you do next week?
My partner and I are going to work on our current OOP project and hopefully turn it in by Tuesday. I'm going to submit my computer networks, probability, and international relations projects by Thursday. Lastly, I'm going to relax and not let the stress, especially regarding HackTX, of this busy week get to me.

### Tip of the Week?
Not prioritizing well? I use [wunderlist](https://www.wunderlist.com/) on my laptop and phone to seperate all of my tasks based on what's most important. I then put only the most important things for that week on my calendar.
