---
layout: post
title: Week 10 in OOP
---

### What did you do this past week?
I studied for my Monday exam and caught up with reading that I'm very behind in for several of my courses. I also started planning out how I'm going to complete 2 connecting experiences (which can be internships or research positions) for my bridging disciplines certificate in Global Studies. If you haven't heard of the BDP certificates available, I highly recommend checking them out! There’s more to life and education than computer science =)

### What's in your way?
I really need to get focused in the next week to finish our current project in OOP. The project is creating Darwin’s game of life- a pretty common program that many educators use. It seems simple enough but rather tedious and time-consuming so I need to make sure there’s enough time carved out in the next day or so to finish it up. 

### What will you do next week?
It’s SO nice not having to constantly worry about HackTX anymore. I have more time for everything so this next week I’ll be reading, reading, and reading. I need to catch up on reading for 3 of my courses. The lectures are great but not nearly enough to fully understand the material. I’m also going to finish the OOP project. 

### Tip of the Week?
Some of the best advice I ever got was in my freshman year. My scholarship advisor told me to join one hobby organization, one major-related organization, and one service organization. I went a little overboard and joined 6 organizations. I’m trying to tone it down now so that my senior year is all about delving deep into what I’m actually interested in. I wish I had listened more closely to that freshman advice. Don’t spread yourself too thin and if you aren’t enjoying something anymore- drop it immediately. Life is too short for useless endeavors that don’t make you happy. 
