---
layout: post
title: Week 9 in OOP
---

### What did you do this past week?
This week was the busiest of the semester. From Tuesday to Saturday morning I was at the Grace Hopper conference. For all of Saturday I was at a sorority event. And for most of Sunday I was at HackTX, of which I am a director. Because of all these events, I was able to get very little schoolwork done. Unfortunately for me, I have 2 tests tomorrow morning. I procrastinated too much the previous week and am now having to cram everything in tonight. When will I learn to schedule my time better? Hopefully soon but possibly never.

### What's in your way?
This week- not much. Once I’m done with my exams tomorrow, I just have a couple of assignments to turn in. I also need to keep up with my study abroad application. My goal is to catch up in all the course work I fell behind on last week. Hopefully, I’ll be more productive this week then I have in the past 2 weeks. I’ll be starting on the OOP project as soon as possible (Tuesday) so that my partner and I can work on small chucks of it each day to keep us from getting too bogged down with work later on.

### What will you do next week?
I’ll be reading a lot of textbook material for my computer networks course and my international relations class. The latter is a very reading heavy class and I’ve gotten somewhat behind so this week I just need to sit down for an hour or so each day and read. It’s a pretty interesting textbook so I’ll enjoy reading it far more than technical books, which can often be very dry. Lastly, I’m going to wrap up some post- hacktx work. 
 
### Tip of the Week?
This tip is a productivity tip. If you can do something in 2 minutes or less- do it now. Many productivity specialists say this over and over again but it’s not something I really digested until recently. It’s amazing how much time you can save by getting the little things done, like sending an email or filling out a form, right then and there. Otherwise, you’ll put those things on your to-do list (which takes time) and become more and more stressed as your list builds up. 
