---
layout: post
title: Week 2 in OOP
---

### What did you do this past week?
I finally got all my textbooks- one of my classes requires 4! I've been trying to make sure I'm on top of all the readings for my classes. If you get behind in your coursework early on, it's really hard to EVER catch-up. I'm a director for HackTX, so a lot of my spare time is spent on getting students signed up. Furthermore, I'm hoping to study abroad in the Spring so I'm completing my application this week.


For this class in particular, I set up my environment for the first project and ran it. Now I'm working on the actual logic for the project, which is optimizing the collatz conjecture. It amazes me that something like the collatz conjecture still hasn't been proved and maybe never will. In class we talked about the differences in pre and post icrement and how exceptions and error handling work in C++.



### What's in your way?
I had some trouble setting up the environment for our first project. I didn’t understand that you had to copy only the project files into your private repo. It took me awhile to finally set it up in this way. I then hooked up Travis CI and ran everything in Docker. I think it would’ve been helpful to have more detailed instructions on how to get started since this is the very first project and we haven’t gotten the hang of setting up our project environments just yet. 


### What will you do next week?
I’m going to finish the project, keep working on my study abroad application, and work on all other class assignments. As we get closer to HackTX, I’ll be working with the rest of the team to make sure everything goes smoothly the day of the event.


### Tip of the Week?
I’m the type of learner that needs to have the fundamentals down really well before I can really jump into something. I feel this hurts me as a coder sometimes because most of my peers and previous co-workers can just jump into a new language or code base and learn that way. I can’t- I need formal tutorials to get started because I like knowing the basics and details of whatever I am working on. Because of this, I watch a lot of online videos on topics like web development, databases, and even how to play the guitar. Udemy is a great website with a variety of professional videos to help you learn all types of things. Right now, I’m going through this tutorial: <https://www.udemy.com/the-web-developer-bootcamp/learn/v4/overview>
The best part? Udemy has promos all the time so I’ve gotten everything for free.
