---
layout: post
title: Week 5 in OOP
---

### What did you do this past week?
This past week was very busy. Firstly, 2 projects and 2 assignments were all due Wednesday and Thursday. So I spent much of the week sitting at my computer programming for this course to get the 'netflix prize' and programming a simple HTTP server for my Computer Networks course. I spent awhile working out probability problems, a subject I'll admit to struggling in. 
I also have 2 tests coming up Monday (tomorrow) so I've been studying for those during the tail end of the week. Furthermore, it was career fair week. 

### What's in your way?
To be honest, not too much. For this course in particular, I still need to gain a better understanding of references and pointers and how they interact. Recently, we’ve been looking at iterators and different types of important functions (like transform). I thankfully have a much better grasp on that then I do pointers. I need to review the code we’ve gone over during class to do well on the test as well as be a proficient developer in C++. 
 
### What will you do next week?
I finished my application to be able to get a nomination to study in Scotland. Now I have to actually apply to the University of Edinburgh. I also have to pick a research topic for the Global Studies certificate I am pursuing. That’s what I’ll mainly be focusing on this week. I also want to get a head start on the OOP project due next week so I’ll probably be programming most of Wednesday and Thursday. Finally, the tests are never ending so I’ll be studying for my next round of exams. 

### Tip of the Week?
My peers who know me personally know that I don’t want to be a developer for more than 1-2 years. I want to work with international economic and security policy. So, this week, I want to share the awesome place that UT has related to national security. It’s called the Clements center and they host talks and events year round. Here’s the [link]( https://www.clementscenter.org/) if you want to check it out.


